hello today I got a beaut it's filming
my Jim Campbell who runs mild to wild
pepper and herb company open India first
up we had is stupid hot which is heaps
hot that's got extracting it but
chocolate and it's nice then is pure
arson do that one Oh outstanding
brilliant and today I've got the last
one of his trio this is when I've really
been hanging to try general hurtin yeah
it's nice and yellow in color so it
might have what I'm hoping
spoon and yeah let's go all right
Oh YUM
vitally vitally all right I'm gonna
ignore this one
nice glow be consistency oh yeah yeah
uh
how much can we get up
Oh
e you
Oh YUM
Vitaly for time let's have a look
I the back of my throat but it's sweet
and it's got a twinge to it ingredients
our very own hand selected habanero
peppers Vitaly
whoa whoa
right back of my throat
a beautiful day sir
we're having errors vinegar onion garlic
spices herbs and soul Wow YUM that's
what you really taste of attalee and
there's the sweet team as it comes in
and that must be the vinegar and now
want my whole mouth a tongue without
look good for Tali burn
and some more this this is great
audience is nice in the purified and I
pure arts and seeps nice
mmm
hmm
well it's like you get the fatali but
then there's this really lies sort of
citrusy kind of lie me there must be the
vinegar on the spices in the hurt ah
this is really good
why not more you see what happens back
in my throat
yeah that sort of constant I'm a
photographer on the chops and changes
like my home the mouth and tongue oh
yeah yum
and then
sort of a garlicky ish gingery 9 onion
garlic youngin but still yeah that
fruity teams it's heaps nice but back of
my throat
that's really kind of
yeah YUM
ah that's heaps nice huh general harden
and it's noisy
the generous portion of the sale of the
sauce goes to the lieutenant general
Timothy J mode foundation the Moore
Foundation and nonprofit organization
preserves the legacy of Lieutenant
General Board by providing educational
support to current and future soldiers
in america's army thank you for your
support of our active-duty personnel in
memory of my brother-in-law there you go
wow I cannot recommend this thing more
but outstanding
whole talk back what area my throat has
got a really nice going and my whole
mouth tongue
you saw my lips
good drilling Hapes we fogged I'm
sweating
but I'm excited cuz this is our only
hope school there you go come back in a
few minutes and what you know what it's
done quite yet general hurtin by mild to
wild pepper and herb company brilliant
brilliant
hello five minutes later with general
herdin check this out wow this is insane
sweating buckets fogged up drool
and if you have a bit of it if a tie
early bird is different than normal at
chop some changes and like one second
your tongues going and then their second
your threats gone and the next second
inside of your mouth going oh it's brent
and a great flavor too so i would
seriously get this one this is
absolutely outstanding I'm gonna have
another teaspoon man hmm hey sweet
free
Vitaly
mmm YUM yeah general hurtin but mild to
wild pepper and herb company yeah oh
cool
you